hello and welcome dear
spectators to a new edition emotion
pure here in the europe park that became today
officially the winter season europe park
open
roland mack hello is sitting next to me
Mr. how can you stay here
europe park experiencing the winter time in
where you sit in the big wheel in the park
viewed from above with its millions
of lights and you one of them
completely different perspective and above all
but experienced in the night time
Nonetheless, of course, there are also
In the day great deals of skating over
great new shows we present
very recommendable to the guests
in the middle of december also arthur
taste for our new attraction
next year arthur and the minimoys
in 4d cinema yes the park shows up
Year in, year out , here in beautiful luster
The markets now completed the
beatles exhibition in the
attraction we have so synonymous with
a pleasure for every weather and if you want
so look around so 2500 fir trees
10,000 christmas balls and five
kilometers arrived that is only one
example of all the things you can get here
also can see how long did it because
used the park so Christmas
decorate
because i also work for the finances
I'm responsible
totaled yes indeed 250
a thousand hours of work when closing
the park up to reopen it
can always figure out what you're looking at
Manpower needed hands and it needed
is already a force act and you can
our employees only one luck one
to congratulate her and to her
welcome to this great achievement
It is unique what I do
Last days even with bad
temperatures during rain and storm and that
one feels also here in 55 meters height
and I would say we enjoy that
beautiful view or exactly
Not
certainly
on
apa
pauls here at the europe park leave to
Winter season opening your very private
beatles exhibition available
then it came to this idea
yes, whenever roland market is sitting together
we 'll have some kid afterwards
tell from my side and as if
this is something for the europapark
there you are right now is here
Many thanks to Mr. Paul for her
time and now a lot of fun
here at the vernissage in europe park
Beetle is supposed to play the games live
always be beatles
from the beatles exhibition it goes for
me continue the europe park arena and
Here I stand exclusively with the the
personally for me it is one
big honor because I am not only
Grown up with the europapark but
also with your music the world premiere
was indeed also running in europapark
and I want to know about you
what are your fans looking forward to?
has it with the new tour on itself
circus an extraordinary stage
with an incredible number of visuals
effects and art were taken from the
swiss national squad who like superman
have trained who can fly
so let yourself be surprised
did you have with others as a reason
the world premiere in europe park
has taken place so that's a
a bit tradition
we have many years here
started with a show and meanwhile
it is already 4
and we can rehearse here
optimal conditions have the hotels
nearby and can also be around here
the clock we really work 24 hours
light and all together at this
stage show and the conditions are
Perfect for us the gates fell thanks for
at the same time going on that was emotion
pure love spectators come yet
until 6 january they have the
possibility the enchanting
Winterwunderland makes it over here
to marvel at the pact
jan i say goodbye to this
place and we wish them now
Merry Christmas